feat(react): Document `Sentry.reactErrorHandler` (#10178)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-config/javascript.react.mdx

Once this is done, all unhandled exceptions are automatically captured by Sentry.

### React 19 Error Reporting

> Starting with React 19, the `createRoot` and `hydrateRoot` methods from `react-dom` expose error hooks that can be used to capture errors automatically. Use the `Sentry.reactErrorHandler` function to capture errors in the error hooks you are interested in.

Reviewer: You say that the hooks are used to capture errors automatically and then describe how to use the handler function to capture errors in the error hooks of interest... I'm confused if users actually have to do anything with the sample below or if it's automatically captured for them? Maybe this revision can help clarify?

```suggestion
Starting with React 19, the `createRoot` and `hydrateRoot` methods from `react-dom` expose error hooks that are used to capture errors automatically. If you want to customize how errors are handled in specific error hooks, you can use the `Sentry.reactErrorHandler` function.
```

Author: I agree with your change. Users do have to manually set the hooks themselves, so this makes it more clear!

```javascript
import { createRoot } from "react-dom/client";

const container = document.getElementById(“app”);
const root = createRoot(container, {
  // Callback called when an error is thrown and not caught by an ErrorBoundary.
  onUncaughtError: Sentry.reactErrorHandler((error, errorInfo) => {
    console.warn('Uncaught error', error, errorInfo.componentStack);
  }),
  // Callback called when React catches an error in an ErrorBoundary.
  onCaughtError: Sentry.reactErrorHandler(),
  // Callback called when React automatically recovers from errors.
  onRecoverableError: Sentry.reactErrorHandler(),
});
root.render();
```

> These hooks apply to all React component mounted to the container passed onto `createRoot`/`hydrateRoot`. If you want more finely grained control over error handling, we recommend adding an `ErrorBoundary` component to your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These hooks apply to all React components mounted to the container passed onto `createRoot`/`hydrateRoot`. If you want more finely grained control over error handling, we recommend adding an `ErrorBoundary` component to your application.
```
